Fix cpx-url qty attribute setter, fmts, and adds test. (#21)
chapeaux/cpx-components: README.md

- Run the testing image: `make start`
- Build the cpx components if necessary `make build-components`
- Run one off test `make test`
- Run and watch test `make test-watch`

> - Don't forget to stop the testing container when done `make stop` TODO: Remove

Reviewer: Think this TODO should be on the next line still

Author: Fixed in [ac894a4](https://github.com/chapeaux/cpx-components/pull/21/commits/ac894a4ee20dec261e5b75add9f34c6b533df503)

  node dependency and run from deno image.

## Running the local server

### Local

- Make sure you've run `mkcert -install` to install the local CA
- Run `mkcert localhost` in the root of the repo
- Check to make sure `localhost-key.pem` and `localhost.pem` exist in the root
  of the repo
- Update the `tasks/serve.js` file to use the SSL-enabled `app.listen`
- Run `deno task serve`
- Navigate to https://localhost:4430 (or
  https://localhost:4430/cpx-keycloak/demo at the moment)

### Remote

> - Same as above, but use the non-SSL-enabled `app.listen` if behind a

Author: ```suggestion
- Same as above, use the non-SSL-enabled `deno task serve` if behind a
```
